Add more considerations/ steps to Software upgrade guide (#1137)
astronomer/docs: software/upgrade-astronomer.md

Make changes as needed and rerun the upgrade command from Step 7. Do not continue to Step 8 until you have successfully created a new Airflow Deployment.

## Step 9: Upgrade the Astro CLI

> Each Software version is compatible only with specific versions of the Astro CLI. Ensure that all users on your installation are using the latest compatible version of the Astro CLI for your Software version. See [Version compatibility reference](version-compatibility-reference.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Software version is compatible only with specific versions of the Astro CLI. Ensure that all users in your organization are using the latest compatible version of the Astro CLI for your Software version. See [Version compatibility reference](version-compatibility-reference.md).
```

> To upgrade from a pre-1.0 version of the CLI to version 1.0+, see [Upgrade to Astro CLI version 1.0+](upgrade-astro-cli.md).

Author: ```suggestion
For standard upgrade steps, see [Upgrade the CLI](install-cli.md#upgrade-the-cli). To upgrade from a pre-1.0 version of the CLI to version 1.0+, see [Upgrade to Astro CLI version 1.0+](upgrade-astro-cli.md).
```

## Upgrade considerations

This topic contains information about upgrading to specific versions of Astronomer Software. This includes notes on breaking changes, database migrations, and other considerations that might depend on your use case.

To avoid extended service disruptions, Astronomer recommends upgrading Astronomer Software to a compatible version before you upgrade Kubernetes. To view Astronomer Software and Kubernetes compatibility information, see [Version compatibility reference for Astronomer Software](version-compatibility-reference.md#astronomer-software).

### Upgrading to Kubernetes 1.22

> If upgrade to Astronomer Software 0.29+ at the same time as you're upgrading to Kubernetes 1.22, complete your upgrades in the following order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're upgrading to Astronomer Software 0.29 or later and Kubernetes 1.22 at the same time, complete your upgrades in the following order:
```

1. Follow the standard Software upgrade procedure as described in this document.

> 2. Upgrade all of your Deployments to use at least version 1.6.0 of the Airflow Helm chart. To do this, run the following command:

Author: @rbankston can you provide specific steps for how to do step 2 here? Should we also suggest for them to remove `--set astronomer.houston.upgradeDeployments.enabled=false \` from their upgrade command?

Reviewer 2: kubectl exec -it `kubectl get pods -l component=houston --no-headers -n <release namespace>` -n <release namespace> -- yarn run upgrade-deployments

    ```sh
    kubectl exec -it `kubectl get pods -l component=houston --no-headers -n <deployment-namespace>` -n <deployment-namespace> -- yarn run upgrade-deployments
    ```
3. Upgrade Kubernetes to version 1.22.

### Upgrading to Astronomer Software 0.30

> #### Running the 0.30 upgrade script with --no-hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Run the 0.30 upgrade script with --no-hook
```

If you don't complete this setup before your upgrade, the upgrade will fail.

> ### Upgrading to Astronomer Software 0.29

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upgrade to Astronomer Software 0.29
```

> If you upgraded to Astronomer Software 0.29 without annotating this secret, you can still complete the sync by running the following command after the upgrade:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you upgraded to Astronomer Software 0.29 without annotating this secret, run the following command to complete the synchronization:
```

```bash
kubectl create job -n <your-platform-namespace> --from=cronjob/astronomer-config-syncer upgrade-config-synchronization
```

> ### Upgrading to Astronomer Software 0.28

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upgrade to Astronomer Software 0.28
```
